[docs] Describe merge_query (#442)
someengineering/cloudkeeper: docs/source/manual/discovery.rst

    {
      "id": "xxx",
      "reported": { ... },
      "desired": { ... },
      "metadata": { ... }
    }

> Each graph node always has an ``id`` that is a unique id created by Cloudkeeper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each graph node always has an ``id`` that is a unique ID created by Cloudkeeper.
```

The ``reported`` section contains data reported from the specific cloud provider.
The content and schema of the ``reported`` section is defined by the cloud provider and described formally in the :ref:`model`.

The ``desired`` section can be manipulated by users and tools to mark and trigger an intended change on the

> specific resource. Cleaning up a resource for example is done by setting ``clean=true`` in the desired section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific resource. Cleaning up a resource, for example, is done by setting ``clean=true`` in the desired section.
```

> The ``metadata`` section contains additional data of a resource, that is not reported by the cloud provider,
> but added by the Cloudkeeper tool chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``metadata`` section contains additional data about the resource. This data is not from the cloud provider,
but added by the Cloudkeeper toolchain.
```

> See an example and learn more about the structure in :ref:`graph_node_spotlight`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see an example and learn more about the structure in :ref:`graph_node_spotlight`.
```

query
-----

Using the ``query`` command, you can define a search query to filter available nodes.

.. admonition:: Example

  ``query is(account)``

  This will select all accounts of all collected cloud providers.

>   In oder to select only accounts from AWS, we could achieve this with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In order to select only accounts from AWS, we could achieve this with:
```

  ``query is(aws_account)``

  It is possible to filter all found accounts by available properties.

>   Let us filter aws accounts, that are either older than 2 weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Let us filter AWS accounts, that are either older than 2 weeks.
```

>   It is possible to filter all found accounts by available properties.
>   Let us filter AWS accounts, that are either older than 2 weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is also possible to filter results by their available properties.
  For example, let us find all AWS accounts that are more than 2 weeks old:
```

  ``query is(aws_account) and reported.age>2w``

  As you can see multiple criteria can be combined with ``and`` but also with ``or``.
  In order to define precedence, it is also possible to use parentheses.
  To filter aws accounts, that are either older than 2 weeks or have more than 10 users, we would do the following:

  ``query is(aws_account) and (reported.age>2w or reported.users>1)``

>   All resources that match the defined criteria will be returned.
>   It is possible to limit the result via ``limit``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, all resources that satisfy the defined criteria will be returned.
  However, it is possible to limit the number of results by specifying ``limit``:
```

  ``query is(aws_account) and (reported.age>2w or reported.users>1) limit 3``

>   In addition to the limit, it is also possible to define a sort criteria.
>   Following query will filter all aws accounts that are older than 2 weeks,
>   and return the 3 accounts with most users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In addition to ``limit``, it is also possible to define the sort order.
  The following query will return the 3 AWS accounts that are more than 2 weeks old
  with the most of users.
```

| ``in`` : Property is one of the following values. The value has to be an array.
| ``not in`` : Property is not one of the following values. The value has to be an array.

value
^^^^^

The ``value`` can be *any* json literal or *any* json conform value.

> A json conform value is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JSON conform value is:
```
